Update supported NPM version in requirements (#887)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: reference/requirements.rst

Development Requirements
------------------------

If you want to build parts of the admin on your own, you will additionally need:

* `Node.js`_
* `npm`_ >=8

> Also check the ``assets/admin/package.json`` file for all supported versions of package managers.

Author: ```suggestion
Also check the ``assets/admin/package.json`` file for all supported versions and alternative package managers.
```
